Bulletin tsunami message number 1.
NWS Pacific Tsunami Warning Center Ewa Beach HI.

Subject - Tsunami Advisory.

Based on all available information a tsunami may have been generated by this earthquake that could be catastrophic on coastal areas even far from the epicenter. An investigation is underway to determine if there is a tsunami threat to Hawaii.

If tsunami waves impact Hawaii the estimated earliest arrival of the first tsunami wave is 0802 PM HST Thu 18 Apr 2013.

Messages will be issued hourly or sooner as conditions warrant.

Destructive tsunami waves have occurred and the threat may continue for several hours. The first wave may not be the largest. Recommend urgent action be taken to protect lives and property.

Additional messages will be issued as more information becomes available.

...Repeat...This message is only for an exercise.

...This is the last exercise message from PTWC.

Based on all available data a major tsunami is not expected to strike the state of Hawaii. However...sea level changes and strong currents may occur along all coasts that could be a hazard to swimmers and boaters as well as to persons near the shore at beaches and in harbors and marinas. The threat may continue for several hours after the initial wave arrival.

The estimated time of arrival of the initial wave is 0324 AM HST Wed 02 Apr 2014.

Further messages will be issued hourly or sooner as conditions warrant until the threat to Hawaii has passed.

Tsunami waves that can be a hazard to swimmers and boaters as well as to persons near the shore at beaches and in harbors and marinas are now affecting the state of Hawaii. This hazard could continue for several hours. The situation is being monitored closely and the advisory will end when the hazard has passed.

Further messages will be issued hourly or sooner as conditions warrant until the threat to Hawaii has passed.

Tsunami waves that can be a hazard to swimmers and boaters as well as to person near the shore at beaches and in harbors and marinas are now affecting the state of Hawaii. This hazard could continue for several hours. The situation is being monitored closely and the advisory will end when the hazard has passed.

Tsunami wave heights across the state of Hawaii are now below advisory levels and are continuing to diminish. Based on all available data the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center is now cancelling the tsunami advisory. Small sea level changes and strong or unusual currents may persist for several additional hours in some coastal areas and appropriate caution should be exercised by boaters and swimmers.