It is not known that a tsunami was generated. This warning is based only on the earthquake evaluation. An earthquake of this size has the potential to generate a destructive tsunami that can strike coastlines near the epicenter within minutes and more distant coastlines within hours. Authorities should take appropriate action in response to this possibility. This center will monitor sea level data from gauges near the earthquake to determine if a tsunami was generated and estimate the severity of the threat. The warning will not expand to other areas of the pacific unless additional data are received to warrant such an expansion.

Estimated initial tsunami wave arrival times at forecast points within the warning and watch areas are given below. Actual arrival times may differ and the initial wave may not be the largest. A tsunami is a series of waves and the time between successive waves can be five minutes to one hour.

Sea level readings indicate a tsunami was generated. It may have been destructive along coats near the earthquake epicenter and could also be a threat to more distant coasts. Authorities should take appropriate action in response to this possibility. This center will continue to monitor sea level data to determine the extent and severity of the threat.

For all areas-when no major waves are observed for two hours after the estimated time of arrival or damaging waves have not occurred for at least two hours then local authorities can assume the threat is passed. Danger to boats and coastal structures can continue for several hours due to rapid currents. As local conditions can cause a wide variation in tsunami wave action the all clear determination must be made by local authorities.

No tsunami threat exists for other coastal areas in the Pacific although some other areas may experienced small sea level changes. The tsunami warning is now cancelled for all areas covered by this center.

Based on all data available to this center...the tsunami threat from this earthquake has now mostly passed. Any remaining threat should be evaluated by local authorities in impacted areas.

This is a test message. This is a scheduled test of the communication methods used to disseminate tsunami information from the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center to the PTWS tsunami warning focal points.